All right.
Good morning, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I did a video last night and I didn't like the way it flowed too well.
So I told Braden, "I want to do a new video today and we're going to pray more instead of talking so much.
" I just want to go over some of the things that the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
This is what's amazing: while we were praying—during that two-hour prayer time—the Lord was showing us Benny Johnson.
He released a video within that hour of the exact same thing that we were praying over for his protection, for his family, for his children, and all the things the Lord was showing us.
Then about the other person—who is the other person?
Nick Shirley.
So, we're going to pray over Nick Shirley again today and we're going to pray over Benny Johnson.
This is amazing.
He released this video of all the fraud and investigative reporting he was doing, reporting all the things that were just so bad about California yesterday.
And I thought, "Isn't that amazing?
" But that's what the Lord was showing us in the spirit.
To me, it was just a pat on the back—not a pat on the back, but a moment when the Lord loves on you.
He's just saying, "Hey, you're going the right direction.
" So, all glory to Jesus.
We always start out the broadcast by telling you that everything we see and everything we do on this channel is all to the glory of God.
It's none of us and all of Him.
We decrease, He increases every single time.
I want to tell you that we yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to it, and I thank You, Lord, that You flow through this broadcast today.
Father, let Your name be great.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this broadcast and over anything that You want to show us.
If not, Father, we would just pray for the things that You already have.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for everything that You do through this channel, everything You will continue to do in the future, and everything You've done in the past.
Father, we give You the glory, the honor, and the praise.
And we thank You, Father, for Your divine protection over this land and for Your divine protection over our president today.
We lift him up before You, Father, and we thank You, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
I was just getting right into prayer, wasn't I?
Was there anything else we wanted to see?
Oh, the Valley of Decision where we are.
The Lord spoke to me early this morning and He said to me, "Brandon, this is a very important week concerning President Trump's term.
This is the week.
This is the Valley of Decision.
" The decisions he makes this week—even last week—the Lord said the two weeks going into this timeframe of the 3rd (tomorrow is the 3rd, today is the 2nd, Groundhog Day).
This is the timeframe the Lord warned us about as they call for meetings in Turkey this week with Iran.
They're wanting to have these meetings and make the decisions of "pushing the button" concerning Iran, concerning liberating the people of Iran, and doing the things that we're praying lead to major revival.
This is about the finances of the nations as we see China today saying that there's some kind of coup going on in their military.
Did you see that article?
I found that this morning early while I was praying and texted it to you.
Can you show the title of that so they can see it better?
See, this is what we saw, and they're saying it now on Fox.
What was the purpose of this?
To bring a hedge of protection over Taiwan to give them more time for revival in the land of Asia going through China, South Korea, and North Korea, and to bring confusion into the regime of China in the days ahead.
The Lord said, "I'm going to bring a major wave of My presence and there will be a shaking in China.
" He said it will start with the military and they will try to oust Xi Jinping in the days ahead.
They'll try to get him out and bring in a new government because there will be so much confusion and chaos in the Chinese government.
There will be major financial shakings in China.
We're seeing it now: "China's Xi has lost complete control over China's military.
" I thought that's what the Lord was showing us.
Two weeks now we've been praying over this because the Lord said, "I want to bring a revival.
" That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
Do you realize where we are with the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Or do you have your head in the sand?
If you are thinking that Jesus is coming back later rather than sooner, you're missing it.
Right now, we have an opportunity for a major revival across this world.
It's happening—a stirring.
What did the Lord say 2026 would start out to be?
He said it would be a political theater—a lot of drama in 2026 concerning political things for a "shaking to awaken.
" First Corinthians 5:5, He said, would begin in the house of the Lord, for there is great corruption in My church.
People say I yell too much, so I'm going to try not to yell.
But it's just my voice; it carries.
You can hear me.
If I talk in Walmart and my kids are in there, they say, "Daddy, we can hear you across the whole store.
" It's just my voice.
It carries a long way.
I don't have to have a microphone.
You can hear me across the auditorium, and if I'm yelling, it's really going to carry across a football field.
But it is what it is.
So here we see that "Trump Iran reportedly prepares to talk in Turkey.
" This is it: the Valley of Decision concerning the Fed, concerning this week, and concerning how we handle Israel.
This is all pointing into a major revival.
This is all coming to a head concerning Cuba and the finances of America as we saw silver tank like a lead balloon this weekend.
I think gold even fell.
We see all these major shakings in the financial sector.
Then we see the UN.
Did you show them the UN article?
"UN faces imminent financial collapse.
" They're not paying their bills.
It's kind of interesting.
I know that Donné Clement Petruska was saying that her daddy said—all the shakings in the UN, all the prophetic words that Kim gave before he went home to be with the Lord—we're seeing those words come to pass.
They're happening right now.
He gave those 15 or 20 years ago, and those words are starting to manifest right in front of our faces.
The escalation of things is at an all-time high.
Every day I wake up, I have such an urgency in my spirit to do corporate prayer with you all.
We take this seriously; we know who we are in Christ.
We take our authority and we don't just sit back idly and say, "Whatever will be, will be.
" We steer the ship in prayer.
We can steer this thing in prayer by who we are.
As He is, so are we in this world.
That's why I keep drilling this and telling you all that you have the ability as sons and daughters of the Most High God to change things through the power of prayer.
Don't allow the enemy to try to tell you that you're just a weak, good-for-nothing, whatever.
No, I'm a child of the King.
I'm created in His image.
We can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
You either believe it or you don't.
And if you're a believing believer that has a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be willing, and we are able.
He is able.
He has made us able to take the land.
And I believe the best is yet to come.
Yes, we see the valley of decision and we know what the Lord told us concerning President Trump and his life.
The Lord Jesus stood right here and He told me the decisions he makes in the next couple weeks will be the make or break of his presidency.
I took it when He said that.
He said, 'I will hold the church accountable for how they prayed for him.
' It's our job as a church to pray for our president.
I had so many people say, 'Well, why would you pray for him?
Let him go.
We'll get somebody else who's better.
' Are you kidding me?
We have a lot of ignorant people in this world.
It's our job to pray.
I believe with all my heart that God has appointed President Trump for such a time as this.
And we will protect him with prayer, and he will live long and finish his assignment that God has called him to do.
I don't believe there is a better person for the job.
I don't.
But the Lord said it will be an open door of pride that would do this.
This would be an open door to kill, steal, and destroy the things the Lord has told him to do to go on the right side.
The enemy is waiting in the trenches saying, 'Listen, how do we take him out of his path?
What opens the door?
Disobedience opens doors.
Pride opens doors.
' There's lots of things that will try to open the door.
Is it always just about death?
No.
It's even impeachment—not having the right red wave in November and having an impeachment in 2027 or 2028 because of losing the Senate and the House.
There's a lot here and there's a lot to lose.
The church needs to wake up and we have a revival.
The only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God.
The Lord said, 'They have put their eyes on Trump as the savior of America, Brandon.
And I'm the only one that will save America.
' A revival is the only thing.
I've given you a reprieve.
What will you do with this reprieve?
But even with this reprieve, the valley of decision and the decisions he makes as the head of this nation, as basically the leader of the free world—what makes or breaks the world is how America goes and how Israel goes.
And this is all what's happening.
I want to show you this clip from Lindsey Graham today.
Now, I don't necessarily agree with everything this man always says, but I agreed with what he said here.
I believe this is the book.
Play that right now and then we'll go right to prayer.
We're going to take communion.
We're going to pray.
But this is interesting what he says.
'If this regime is still standing the day after, if we put years of chaos, I have every confidence that President Trump will do what he promised to the people.
Help is on the way.
Keep protesting.
If this regime falls, Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthis, they all go.
It'd be the biggest change since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
But here's one thing I know: Donald Trump is Ronald Reagan plus, in my mind, Venezuela and soon Cuba.
The one thing you can't do as president: talk like Reagan and act like Obama.
There's no deal to be done here.
These people are not trustworthy.
The protesters in the street are not protesting for a better nuclear deal.
They're protesting for a better life.
And if they win the day, we have a chance to have friends with the people of Iran.
The Ayatollah will never be our friend.
He's a religious Nazi.
President Trump, you said help is on the way.
That has to be real.
It has to be real soon.
Do it, Mr.
President.
The people of Iran are begging you to be on their side.
You have done it so well.
You are Reagan plus.
This is the defining moment in your presidency.
Stand by the people.
The Ayatollah falls.
The region changes bigger than the fall of the Berlin Wall.
No more international terrorists.
This regime has American blood on its hands since 1979.
You got the Houthis, you got Hezbollah killing Americans.
Bring this regime down because the people want it down.
You don't have to invade the country.
But help on the way means military strikes against the infrastructure that is killing the Iranian people.
Go after the ones who are killing the people.
Put this regime on notice.
We're never going to let up.
Strangle their economy.
It will fall.
The people will take over.
And over time, we will have a friend in Iran, not an enemy.
Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis, all fall.
The biggest thing you could possibly ever do to the Middle East is take this regime down.
And they're as weak as they've ever been since 1979.
Mr.
President, you can do it.
I hope you will do it.
And if you do, this is Reagan plus.
' Okay.
So, do you remember every time I told you I saw Reagan divided in his face?
Trump was on half.
Reagan was on half.
And I saw the Berlin Wall.
And this was the defining moment every single time.
I told Braden, 'This is exactly what I saw in the spirit.
This was a Reagan moment.
' We've prayed over this since this time last year.
We've been praying since he first got into power.
And the Lord said he will be like a Reagan.
He will bring the wall down.
And I saw, 'Bring that wall down.
' And I heard, 'Gorbachev, bring that wall down.
' I heard Ronald Reagan speaking through Trump, which I thought was interesting.
And then Lindsey Graham is saying the exact same thing I saw in the spirit, but he's saying it in the natural.
Isn't that powerful what he just said?
Because that's what I saw about Ronald Reagan.
And then I saw liberation coming to Cuba.
I saw he would be a person that would go into Cuba and free the Cuban people to have freedom of religion to do the things that they needed to do because they were underneath a dictator.
The same with Kim Jong-un—that the days of Kim Jong-un are coming to an end.
The Lord said, 'I'm getting rid of the Pillsbury Doughboy.
' You say, 'Well, I don't believe He talks that way.
' He talks that way to me.
It's a personal relationship with me.
God talks to you how He wants to talk to you.
He talks to me like a friend.
He's going to get rid of Kim Jong-un.
He's going to get rid of his sister.
He said, 'I'm getting rid of the tyrants, and there will be a great revival in North Korea.
' That will be a small window because the military will try to rein it in.
There'll be shaking in China.
There'll be shaking.
And He said, 'Pray a dome of protection over Taiwan because in the days ahead, they'll try to take the land.
' But if you hold it back, you can hold things back through prayer.
You don't realize who you are, church.
You don't realize the authority that you have.
You don't realize what God has given you as a child of the Most High God.
Do you want to hear that?
Do you want to play it, son?
When was this clip?
Well, I think you talked about it again, but this is July, though I think the original one was around April.
This is July.
I played this.
Good job, son, you found it.
Just play it.
Several more: escalate war.
He wants peace.
He was saying—and that's whenever I saw, if you go back several more videos—I saw the Berlin Wall.
I saw the Berlin Wall, and I saw it was in Germany.
I heard and I saw half of Trump's face and half of Ronald Reagan's face, and I heard, 'Bring down that wall,' 'that Iron Curtain of communism,' and things like that.
It was like a type and shadow as Trump was operating in his presidency like a Ronald Reagan.
And that's when I was seeing the Cold War.
I was seeing the darkness of Cuba.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to Cuba.
' He keeps bringing up Cuba over and over again.
Even in this last video, I saw Cuba and it was highlighted again, but it was completely dark.
It's pretty amazing because the Lord's saying it now.
He has a choice to make in this valley of decision.
Will you follow through, sir, with what God has called you to do?
Or will you allow corrupt communication, the counsel of the ungodly, to sway you from what God has called you to do?
And that's what the Lord is saying to you.
He said, 'Brandon, that was that devil that I saw in the Oval Office that was pecking at his brain.
' It's counsel from ungodly people that is swaying his mind.
He knows what the Lord is telling him to do, but there's demonic principality spirits that are trying to be a storm over the White House.
I saw these demonic influences picking and poking at his brain, causing confusion.
And if everybody remembers that octopus-looking spirit that was trying to latch around their minds, that was bringing a corruption over their mind like a fog; and the Lord said, 'This is a demonic spirit.
' It looked like some kind of aquatic demonic spirit.
And so that's what we're going to pray for this week.
I don't understand it all.
You know, we see in part, we hear in part as to what God shows us.
We don't get it all at the same time.
It's not about us; it's about Him.
It's so that we deflect the glory always to our Father.
It isn't about bringing light to Brandon Biggs or to my family; it's always to show how good God is and that He would speak to His people and tell them how to pray for the nation because He loves us so much.
This is all about how much Jesus Christ loves you and how much He died for you.
He shed His blood for you.
He made a way for you to walk in victory.
But it's your choice to receive it and walk in it.
He's a gentleman.
He doesn't force you to do anything.
He's always there, an ever-present help in a time of need.
But it's your job to receive everything He's given you by faith.
I will walk in the victory that Jesus has for me.
I walk in that just like I tell you all the time.
It's my choice.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of the watchmen.
I yield to it.
It's your choice.
So, whatever God has for you, it's your choice to yield to it.
He may have called you to be the greatest school teacher that there ever was, or a mechanic, or a cook, or a businessman or woman.
I don't know.
All I know is that God has called us to do something, and it's to do something all to His glory and to be great in what we do.
We're children of the most high God.
And I believe it's time for us to be that backbone like a crowbar and to be victorious in these last days.
So, I'm so thankful for all of you that have joined me at this different hour.
I know right now I usually don't do videos at this time, but I felt in my heart to come on here this morning later and pray with you with a different crowd.
We're hitting different crowds because there's different parts of the world that have never seen us live.
We usually just do them at night.
And so I'm doing some things differently now.
So let's do some prayer and let's take communion together, and let's believe God for this valley of decision that we're walking through this week with our President going into the State of the Union in a couple weeks.
I believe it's in three weeks.
We are praying over the Olympics this week and the Super Bowl, praying over what the Lord showed us about this protest, that they would cause a distraction—a reaction to a distraction.
Think about it.
He said because of the Epstein list and the things that were being exposed from these elitists, from these Illuminati, these dark people, the Lord said they would cause a distraction from all what is going on with this reaction.
They would have a sleight of hand in the days ahead because there'll be darker and more embarrassing things that will come out from a new Edward Snowden in the days ahead.
The Lord spoke to us specifically that it would be Anonymous.
And he said Anonymous will release—there'll be a hacker group that will hack into and release even greater secrets for a ransom.
They won't get their ransom, so they'll release embarrassing moments from the Democratic Party and sports people and things like that.
And the Lord said these would be highly embarrassing moments.
And it goes alongside what Prophet Kim Clement said—or what Kim Clement saw—highly embarrassing moments.
And the Lord showed us more detail into what Kim was seeing how many years ago.
The word of the Lord doesn't die.
So he sees in part and hears in part back when he was alive, and the Lord raised up new people to take the baton and keep exposing and speaking it forth.
How many times did the Lord call people to speak forth words saying that His Son was coming the first time?
It didn't come through just one prophetic voice; He spoke it through many.
So whenever He's coming back the second time, He doesn't just speak it through one prophetic voice; He speaks it through many.
He's coming.
Jesus is coming.
It's time to get your house in order.
It's time to get ready.
You're running out of time.
He's standing at the door right now, waiting for His Father's instructions.
The Bible says that no man knows the day or the hour of when the Son of Man returns, but we know the signs of the times are all around us.
And we see the ripening of the fig tree.
It's all happening in front of us right now as we speak.
But most people have their head in the sand and they don't see it.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Look at what they were like in the days of Noah in the Bible and what He tells us in the book of Genesis.
Countless times Noah was always telling them, 'There's a flood coming.
There's a flood coming.
You need to get ready.
' They laughed at him and scoffed at him because there was never rain.
But I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I can hear it in the distance.
And the Lord said, 'I'm not going to judge this world again by flood; it'll be by fire next time.
' I'm telling you by the spirit of God, ladies and gentlemen, it's time to get your house in order.
There's voices crying in the wilderness.
There's a voice crying just like John the Baptist said.
He said it: there's one coming.
He came.
He dwells on the inside of us.
But guess what?
He said He would baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire.
It's time for you to accept the Lord Jesus Christ and get your house in order.
You're running out of time.
As we watch the signs of the times all around us, I hope you feel an urgency.
Are you that frog in a pot, and the water and the temperature is getting hotter and hotter and it's getting ready to boil?
And there's many of you that don't realize how close you are to destruction.
I pray today you find my friend.
I pray today that if you're here right now and you've never accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, and you're here and you're watching me and you're saying, 'Who is this guy?
' I'm just a guy, a voice crying in the wilderness.
It's not about me.
It's about me telling you that Jesus Christ is coming.
And if you're here today and you've never accepted Jesus Christ—out of the 4,900 people that are watching—and you've never accepted my friend Jesus, you say, "Well, I've heard a lot about him.
Grandma used to tell me about it in Bible stories," but I'm here just because I want to hear what the bald-headed guy says is coming next.
I don't know what Jesus will show us today.
I don't control the gift; he's in control of it.
But I'm sure he might show us something.
The most important thing is not being here to try to entertain you for what's coming, but to tell you so you'll pray.
The most important thing is that you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And if you're here right now and you've never accepted him, if you've never confessed him as your Lord, it's time.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
If you're here today and you've never confessed Jesus Christ as your Lord, today's your day.
You may not have another opportunity to accept him.
Today might be your last day on this earth.
You could watch this broadcast, click out of it, and have a tragic car accident on the way to where you're supposed to be going, or the very shoes you put on today to go to work—the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one's promised tomorrow.
Today is the day of salvation.
So I want to ask you today: you may know a lot about Jesus, but does he know you?
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
The most important thing that I will ever tell you is that the time is running out and the ark door is closing.
It's just like the days of Noah.
He's standing at the door.
I'm telling you, I've seen him countless times.
But as I am here right now, you have the opportunity to accept my friend.
I want to present this to you right now, and I want you to search your heart.
Am I talking to you?
Is Jesus at your door knocking at your heart?
He's there right now.
He's saying, "Will you follow me?
Will you allow me to be your friend?
Will you allow me to give you a new future, a new path, a new hope?
" It's your choice.
As you're watching this video right now—I don't know what time you're watching it, you could be watching the replay—but last video we had 87 salvations.
There were 87 new people that came to the Lord Jesus Christ through this channel.
We give all the glory to God, and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
But I believe we're throwing out that net again.
Will you accept Jesus?
Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to be public about your decision right now.
If you're here right now and you've never had an experience with the Lord Jesus, or you used to be on fire for the Lord, but the very people that you went away from...
you used to be in sin, you used to be in the party scene, the drug scene, the sex scene, whatever.
And the very thing you said you repented of, you went back to.
And just like the prodigal son or the prodigal daughter, whoever you may be, you're in that pigpen right now and you're sitting there looking at yourself and you say, "What have I become?
What have I done with my life?
I used to be on fire.
I used to be so sold out to the Lord.
" But in the process of life, I became weary and well-doing, and I gave my thoughts and my mind back over to reprobate thinking.
And today I want to make a fresh, clean start.
He's never left you and he's never forsaken you.
You turned your back on him; he didn't turn his back on you.
He's there with the robe.
He's there saying, "Let's kill the fatted calf.
My son, my daughter's coming home today.
" But you have to make a decision to come home.
And the moment you do, he's there waiting for you.
He loves you.
He's never turned his back.
Like I said, he's never said, "You know what?
I don't really care about them anymore.
" He's always been that ever-present help.
He's wanting to say, "Hey, will you just give me a chance to make your mess into a message?
" I want to do it.
I want to change your life, but you've got to let me in.
I want to take all those chains of iron and all that baggage off of you, and I want to give you a fresh, clean day today.
You're not here by coincidence; you're here by divine appointment.
I believe it.
So, I want to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to be bold in your decision today in the comment section.
And I want you to say today, "I'm coming home, and I want to give the Lord a chance.
I want to become born again.
I want to ask the Lord to forgive me.
I want to basically sell out.
I want to just be all in.
" So right now, if I'm talking to you and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, if you feel that knocking on your heart, will you just allow the Lord to help you?
Take all the pride out of it.
Don't go to hell for pride.
Today's your day.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer right now.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you, God, to forgive me of my sins, Lord.
I used to be on fire for you.
I used to be sold out to you, but I've let the world back in and I've messed up.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And Jesus, I ask you to give me a fresh, clean start today.
I sell out to you, Lord.
From this day forward, I'll serve you with all my heart.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again.
I love you, Lord, and I thank you, Lord, that you've invited me into your kingdom today.
As I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Today I'm saved.
Today I'm born again, Lord.
And I will serve you from this day forward in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus.
It was a simple prayer, but with the mouth confession is made and with the heart unto salvation.
You've got to confess it with your mouth and you've got to believe in your heart.
That's it.
So, if you just did that, what do you do next?
You find a Bible-believing church.
You tell them, "I just got born again watching some guy on YouTube, and I need to be water-baptized.
Will you help me?
" And I'm sure they'll help you.
Find a Bible.
A non-denominational church is where I would go—one that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
You need to get baptized in the Holy Ghost, speaking with tongues, and you get radically on fire for Jesus.
And I'm telling you, "this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine" will become an inferno.
And people will be attracted to you from all over.
They're going to say, "What is different about you?
" Don't go back to the trash you used to go to.
But he said, "Behold, I make all things new.
" Grab a hold of the all things new today.
But it's your choice.
You've got to get radically plugged in.
Read your Bible every day.
You say, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
" We will buy you a Bible for free.
My wife and I want to sow it to you and bless you for your decision today and accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And we want to celebrate your decision today by giving you your first Bible.
If you just go down in the comment section below, there's an email address there.
Go to the link in the description.
Go in there, click on it, and put in the title: 'I got born again watching you.
' We want to give you your first Bible to rejoice and be excited with you.
I want you to come back here and pray with us.
We pray every day, and so we're going to pray with you.
You get strong.
Get involved in that church you're going to.
Get water baptized.
Go in there for every class they have; if they've got a Sunday service or a Wednesday service, get plugged in.
Don't go off and be a lone ranger.
Get plugged into a body so they can teach you about what you've done.
But you've got to go to a good Bible-believing church.
Don't go to some dried-up church that doesn't teach the word of God.
You've got to go in there and stir yourself up.
And you say, 'Where is that?
' Like I said, usually a non-denominational church is where we would go.
So, all 95 of you, welcome to the family.
There were 95 people that just accepted the Lord Jesus Christ at this time.
And we want to say thank you for coming here today, and we're so excited for the decision that you just made.
We rejoice with you.
95 people.
Isn't that wonderful, son?
Last time it was 83, and 95 today.
All glory to God.
Hallelujah.
You make me want to cry every time; it gets me excited.
Heaven is rejoicing, and hell is saying we just lost a good sinner.
And so we're so excited about it.
I know I won't cry about it, but every time I see people coming to Jesus—96 now.
Well, praise the Lord.
I'm so thankful that you would even want to listen to it.
I remember what it was like to be lost and to be found.
And it was the best decision I ever made to give Jesus Christ my heart.
It's not always been easy, but I'm going to tell you, the best is yet to come for the believer.
And I rejoice in my heart for you that you would just come here today.
And I'm so thankful that the Lord would draw you here.
We'll pray for you and we will be with you.
If you ever fall down in sin again, you run to God; you don't run from Him.
To those that were lost and now are found, you were blind but now you see.
To all you that were weary and well-doing, welcome home.
Welcome home.
We're excited for you.
And so all that being said, glory to God.
I get a little flustered, but I get on track because I intercede for you all the time for people to be saved.
And I'm so thankful that the Lord told us to start this YouTube channel, if it wasn't just for you.
So, we're going to take communion and we're going to rejoice for the salvations that were just brought in today.
All 96 of you.
Hallelujah.
I got too emotional on that one.
Okay, we've got work to do.
Father, we just thank You for the body.
We thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord Father, for all the people that got born again today.
We thank You, Lord, for healing.
We thank You, Lord, for demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
We thank You, Lord, that as He is, so are we in this world, and that we walk in boldness and we walk in victory.
And we tell the people about the Lord Jesus and that He's coming back sooner than we think.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before You, and we receive healing right now for our bodies from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We believe we receive our healing in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed, and we believe it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
We take the body.
Lord, we thank You for the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us and we thank You, Lord.
Just like a minute ago, we confessed our sins before You.
And Father, we're so grateful because if it wasn't for the blood, we would not be free.
It was because the blood of Jesus was shed for us that He set us free.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord, for this precious blood.
Jesus, You said, 'Do this often in remembrance of me.
' And this is just us saying we acknowledge what You did and we're so grateful for what You did, and it never loses its power.
We plead the blood all around this house.
We plead the blood around our finances.
We plead the blood over our children.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around about us and they protect us today, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood in Jesus' name.
Amen.
He's so good to us.
All right, let's take...
Wait, I'll anoint my head.
Father, I thank You, Lord, if You show me anything.
I have my anointing; I have my little Billy Burke box.
He gave me these oils.
Father, I plead the blood over my head.
Father, I cover my head in the blood.
And Father, if You want to show me anything, I yield to the anointing of the prophetic, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that it isn't about us; it's about You.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood.
We cover it.
No demonic spirits come and talk to us at all.
We hear only Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Father, we lift up this time.
I'm going to sing the song real quick: 'We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
Songs of praises singing, hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.
' We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
Songs of praises singing, hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.
We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.
We worship.
We worship and adore You.
We're bowing down before You.
Songs of praises is singing, Hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.
We worship and adore You.
We bow down before You.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujahs ringing.
We praise You.
We adore You.
Bowing down before You.
We bow down before You today.
We sing Hallelujah.
We worship You, Father.
We praise You, Father, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness, O God.
Great is Your faithfulness to us.
We worship and adore You.
We bow down before You.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujah is ringing.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Amen.
We worship and adore You, bowing down before You.
We worship You, Father, for You inhabit the praises of Your people today.
We thank You, Lord.
Lord, we lift up our president today before You.
We lift up our president today in this valley of decision.
We lift him up, Father.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We thank You, Lord, that he would put around him upright people.
All demonic influence, we command it to bow its knee in the name of Jesus.
We put a bloodline all around our president today that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
A thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We thank You, Lord, that even the hardest of hearts, You're able to prick them just like You did in Acts chapter 2.
That the hearts that are hard and not pliable to You, that You prick the hearts, Father, and You make them soft and pliable.
The heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You bring up leaders and You bring down leaders.
And right now, we pray over our leader, the one that is over the United States of America, the land that is one nation under God.
And we will remain a nation that is one nation under God.
There have been many principalities and powers that have tried to knock us off of that.
But we will remain in the name of Jesus, the blood-bought, the church, the redeemed.
We take our authority in the name of Jesus.
And we say you will not make us a goat nation.
We will remain a sheep nation in the name of Jesus.
And we call a mighty revival.
The sound of a mighty rushing wind all throughout this nation from sea to shining sea, from Canada to the Gulf.
We command a great revival in the name of Jesus all throughout our churches, that our pastors and our teachers and our evangelists would preach the good news of the Lord Jesus Christ and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that he is coming sooner than later; that there would be a great move of revival all throughout our pews and our pulpits.
And we say in the name of Jesus, not of hardness of hearts, but of repentance, a coming of the saving of the good Lord Jesus Christ throughout all the land.
Revival again, revival again.
That they would visit this land one more time, Jesus, for a great move of your presence from sea to shining sea.
But Father, I thank you Lord that revival starts with us.
Revival starts with me.
Revival starts in our pastors preaching repentance.
Our revival would start with our pastors preaching correction, giving them a backbone like a crowbar.
That they would not be moved by seeker-friendly messages anymore.
That you would bring forth a boldness behind the pulpit telling the people one more time that it's time to repent.
It's time to come to Jesus today.
Shake our pastors.
Shake the evangelists.
Shake the teachers, the prophetic voices to rise up and to proclaim what you're saying upon the nations.
That they will not be afraid to speak to the itching ears anymore.
That they would speak forth the glorious church arising without spot or wrinkle.
Like the Tommy Hicks vision was, that the giant would wake up out of the land and Father, they would move together as one body with one voice with one sound.
Raising up this generation one more time, one more revival greater than what happened at Pensacola, greater than what happened at Azusa Street.
Father, I thank you Lord that there will be many Azusa streets all throughout this nation, all throughout Canada, all throughout Asia, all throughout Europe, all throughout Africa, all throughout South America, the Middle East.
There'll be streets, and it won't just be 'this little light of mine.
' We say this inferno of ours, Father, that we would rise up with the fire of the Lord inside of our belly and out of our belly shall flow rivers of living water in these last days.
Do it once again, Lord.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Bring us up higher with the fire.
Lord, it's time.
Father, we call revival.
We call a move of God throughout this land.
One more time, Jesus.
Shake our churches.
Shake the youth of this nation.
Bring them to your side, Lord.
Whatever it takes to wake up the church, Lord.
Wake them up, Lord, out of their sleep and out of their slumber.
But first, you wake up the pastors.
Wake up the prophets.
Wake up the teachers, the evangelists, the apostles.
Wake them up, Lord.
Bring true repentance back to the church; bring holiness back to the church that we don't look like the world.
We look like the glorious church.
Bring a revival to Australia today.
Lord, bring a great Holy Ghost movement of revival to the Philippines and all throughout South Korea.
And we pray a hedge of protection over South Korea and that the glorious church would rise again like it did with Dr.
Cho.
I hear the sound of revival with brush arbor churches again.
Lord, uncap those wells of revival that was once on this earth with the tents, with Jack Coe and William Brandon and with Kathryn Kuhlman and Brother Hagin or Roberts, take us to the deeper part of the well.
Lord, raise up men and women, the new Davids and the new Esthers of this generation that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
The people would have an urgency in their hearts.
Lord, fan that flame; we can't do it on our own.
Lord, you have to fan the flame and the youth and the revival again.
Raise up revivalists.
Raise them up, Lord, right now.
They're there.
Bring them forth, new Billy Grahams, new John Wesleys.
But revival starts with us.
Revival starts with my house.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord, even unto martyrdom if it takes it.
Whatever it takes to get the gospel out, that we would stir ourselves up and we would get ourselves up by our bootstraps and say we are proclaiming that Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming sooner than later.
It's time to repent.
We stand before a holy God.
There's so many, Father, that are lukewarm.
You said that you would rather them be hot or cold, but if they're lukewarm, you would spew them out of your mouth.
Shake them, Father.
Wake them up.
Wake them up, Lord.
Bring the intercessors back to church.
Bring true prayer back to church with fire in their bellies.
Fire in their bellies, Father.
Stir in the older leaders, God, those that have gotten weary in well-doing.
New wine and new wineskin.
Father, new wine and Rodney Howard-Browne and all the ones that have been revivalists in the past.
Father, with my friend Billy Burke and with John Bevere and the people that have preached and ministered to me, Lord, we ask you to stir in them and give them a fresh revelation today of your word.
Stir in them, Father.
Stir inside of them.
And Father, in John Kilpatrick, stir in them, Father.
Stir in their bellies.
Stir in them right now.
I call a stirring in these ministers right now in the name of Jesus.
A stirring like a whipping, a whipping in their spirits.
Stir in them.
Father, crank that old Model T Ford up.
Lord, you can get it going.
Turn it into a Ferrari fast with you.
I believe, Lord.
You're not done with these men yet.
You're not done with these people.
Stir in them.
Lord, give them fresh revelation.
Give them fresh revelation knowledge in Jesus' name.
Over Charis Bible College, teaching the people the word of God and who they are in Christ.
Andrew Wommack's ministry, you said you were going to double it.
I asked you, Father, to bring it to pass.
Bring it to pass over Andrew.
Father, give him the correct character and the shoulders to be able to handle it, Father.
The pressure of that is a lot.
He already has a big ministry, Lord, but you said, 'I'm going to bring people more, and they'll be pillars in these end times.
' We ask you, Father, to bring forth the generals of faith and give them, Father, a fresh wind of this generation.
Generals of this generation.
Give them a fresh wind.
Father, I ask for a fresh wind into them, Father.
A fresh wind, just like you did when you said their youth is renewed like the eagles.
And we thank you, Father, that they have one more round.
That you keep their hearts clean.
You keep their stomach strong.
You keep their bones strong.
You keep their immune system strong.
When they fly on the planes and they're around the people, you keep them strong in Jesus' name that they don't get sick.
They have a high immune system that's good.
Father, I thank you Lord.
No cancers, no diabetes, no Alzheimer's, no nothing comes nigh to this people.
Father, we are the blood-bought, the church, the redeemed.
That we see the glory just like you did with Moses.
If you could keep Moses with the glory, Father, the glory be on us.
Moses was kept alive for all that time.
And he had to yield to death by saying, 'I'm going home.
Lord, it's time for me to come home.
' He had to...
it's like the same way the glory had to depart off him because the glory was keeping him alive.
Look at the glory.
When the presence of the Lord comes, it renews you.
When the presence of the Lord comes, it sustains you.
Your shoes don't get messed up.
Your clothes—the glory keeps us.
And Father, in your presence is fullness of glory today.
In your presence, Lord, there is fullness of glory over your hearts, over your veins, over your mind, your will—for 2 Timothy 1:7 says, "God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
" Balanced in every area of our life.
Balanced in your thinking.
Balanced in the word of God.
Balanced, not flaky.
Don't get off in weirdoville because we stay anchored.
We're connected to the tree.
We're connected to the gospel.
We have word and spirit.
We don't get too weird with word and we don't get too weird in the spirit.
We keep both.
It's an anchor together: perfect word, perfect spirit, and we flow.
Father, we're so grateful that you called us.
We could have been born a hundred years ago, but you said, "I called you to the kingdom for such a time as this.
You're my closers.
" Thank you, Lord, that we have the ability to sustain by the Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of us, Father.
We yield to the Holy Spirit today on that potter's potter's wheel.
We yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We yield to the potter's potter's wheel.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
I say it Father, we have this treasure in earthen vessels.
We have that treasure, Lord, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
We decrease that you increase.
We attract to deflect because we're going vertical.
We keep our eyes on Jesus today.
We thank you, Lord, Father, for the decisions made for Iran today, that the people of Iran are liberated, and the people of Cuba are liberated.
Father, you'll use him like David to help bring forth the gospel into these areas that have been closed off to it.
For you said that the gospel will be preached throughout the whole world as a witness and then the end will come.
We will have the glorious gospel preached in North Korea, in Taiwan, in all of Pakistan, and in these areas that have been so persecuted: Afghanistan with the Taliban.
I call a shaking with the Taliban, a shaking with ISIS, a shaking with these terrorist groups.
We call shaking and judgment over this where they have held and persecuted the church in Nigeria.
Nigeria.
We call shaking.
What was that terrorist group's name?
I called it out in the spirit one day and I didn't even know what I was saying.
Do you remember?
It was the ones of the terrorist group in Nigeria.
Whoever it is, we call them down in Jesus' name.
Your leaders are running in terror as we speak in Jesus' name, having a road to Damascus experience, shaking them so they stop killing the Christian brothers and sisters in Nigeria.
This genocide that is taking place all throughout Nigeria, we call a cease and desist.
You're maneuvering against them in the name of Jesus, and the church rise up and have the glory on them so that they'll be so afraid, knowing there are more with us than there are with them.
That they come at us one way and flee before us seven.
That this ruthless terrorist organization is coming to naught in the name of Jesus.
You sick, foul spirit, you stop it right now.
We plead the blood of Jesus and we say the angels of the Lord are over our brothers and sisters in Nigeria today.
Thank you, Lord, that their cries for help have not been ignored.
That you are working on their behalf right now with angelic host aid and assistance.
We call angelic aid and assistance right now.
Go throughout Nigeria and into Iran right now.
Angelic aid and assistance.
I see it really clear: the angelic aid and assistance over our friends and our brothers and sisters in these countries.
We call it over Cuba.
We call angelic aid and a revival in the name of Jesus.
Oh God, we thank you all throughout the islands of Haiti, all throughout the drug lords of Haiti, and over Venezuela, Argentina, and all throughout South America and Brazil, we call forth these revivals.
Now we pray over the young man.
Who is he?
Nick Shirley.
We pray over Nick, Father, that he finds this corruption in Jesus' name.
The Lord told me this is just low-level corruption that he's uncovering; this is surface.
There are deep taproots to this corruption in California, as Gavin Newsom and these men and women are very corrupt.
Father, they will not make it to the White House.
They will not slither their belly up to the White House.
We call forth corruption to be uncovered over them in Jesus' name.
Is it called Boko?
Boko Haram.
We call exposing over Boko Haram in Nigeria, Father.
And we thank you Lord that the leaders even of Boko Haram would be judged.
We call the leaders of Boko Haram judged in Jesus' name.
The hand of the Lord be against them.
The leaders of Boko Haram, I call them to be judged in Jesus' name.
Even in their sleep, their judgment comes.
Persecuting and killing our brothers and sisters in Nigeria, it stops now.
Oh Father, we thank you that you judge the leaders, you judge the followers of this cult of Boko Haram.
We thank you, Lord, that it is exposed.
Now, Father, we go back to Gavin and we thank you, Lord, that Nick and the other YouTuber—Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's that uncovering of the surface, that you protect their families, you protect them, and that you raise up independent reporting investigators to expose this darkness.
We would have a red wave in our nation all throughout California.
That the voter fraud would be uncovered, that this stronghold would be broken in the name of Jesus over Minnesota.
That Ilhan Omar will be removed and bring in new men and women who have integrity and one nation under God over our nation.
Sharia law will not be over this nation; we will not have it in any city.
Sharia law will come to naught in Jesus' name over New York.
A shaking over New York.
A shaking over New Jersey.
A shaking over these cities.
And we call Chicago to be shaken with the glory of God.
Sharia law will not be in any of these areas; we don't have it even in Houston.
It's not a Muslim nation; this is a Christian nation.
Over Canada, Sharia law will not take effect.
There'll be a major revival break forth in Canada in the name of Jesus and Carney will be removed by votes.
I don't pray any harm towards anybody, but I ask Father to bring in righteous people.
I saw a shaking coming to Canada over British Columbia.
And we ask you, Father, for Alberta to be part of America one day.
Is it Ontario or Alberta?
Alberta.
British Columbia.
I'm calling all of it.
They said, 'Well, we want to stay Canada.
' Well, they haven't done a good job with you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Whatever it takes to bring revival to Canada, stir it, Lord.
I thank you, Father, that the signs of the times are all around us.
I saw Nick and the uncovering of that.
There were layers of it, and they're only touching the surface; it was very thin, rice paper thin, of how dark and deep the corruption is in California, the same in Minnesota, and over Pennsylvania.
It's over Boston.
It's over Seattle.
It's over Portland.
And there it goes all the way up—the corruption in the politics and in the government over these areas.
And it's so deep.
It's like a layer of swamps.
And the first layer is rice-paper thin of what they're touching right now, trying to expose this little stuff.
It's barely even penetrating the corruption that I see in this.
But it goes so deep; the taproot is so deep that it would take internal investigation, and they would acid-wash the computers before they even get there.
There's levels of fraud and levels of corruption that are beyond human comprehension.
That's what the Lord was showing me.
It's very dark—darker than what people realize.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all is uncovered.
Even in the first couple of layers, Lord, it would be so damning to their careers.
I thank you, Father, that you have your hand on this and seedtime and harvest, Lord, is coming to full fruit, that whatsoever man sows, that will he also reap on every level—that he reaps the fruit of the root of the seedtime and harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's no holding back anymore, that the full manifestation of 1 Corinthians 5:5 would come to full fruition in Jesus' name.
That you bring the judgment concerning these things.
And there's no more holding it back concerning Gavin, concerning the corruption in California.
And a great revival will take place in California today.
We call forth revival in Portland.
We call revival in Seattle.
We call revival in Las Vegas.
We call revival all throughout all these great blue states and red states.
The greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
I'm calling a revival in Hawaii, in Honolulu, and Maui.
We call revival over these states in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're removing Xi Jinping.
Father, we call forth his removal and we call forth the shaking in the tyrant government of China.
And we say in the name of Jesus, the Iron Curtain is coming down.
That there will be a major revival all throughout China.
Father, we call a shaking in their government, a shaking in their military, a shaking in their political structure of all kinds—of all of their judges, of all their stuff.
I don't know how their government works, if it is like America, Lord, but I call their government to come down and a shaking in their nation for the great removal of the spirit of God would come from all over and spread like fire throughout that land.
And the greatest harvest of souls we've ever seen before would invade Asia.
And we call our brothers and sisters to be born again, and miracles and demonstrations of the glory of God would fill that land in the name of Jesus from top to bottom, all the way around the sides.
We call revival.
We call healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
Angels' aid and assistance all throughout North Korea.
And that the superhighway above—of translations like Star Trek—will beam Christians in all around.
If you did it before, you'll do it again.
You did it to the disciples; you'll do it again.
Translations on the superhighway.
I thank you, Father.
I see that volcano again.
I see the volcano out on the coast right outside of Oregon is rumbling under the water as we speak right now.
The ground is beginning to shake.
A major sign is about to take place—a shaking of the earth's crust, a shaking of the Ring of Fire.
A shaking of Japan is coming.
Major earthquakes are coming.
I hear the spirit of the Lord: 'Major earthquakes are coming.
' Temples that were a thousand years old will be shaken to the ground in just a matter of seconds—temples that will be shaken in India.
And this will be a sign and a wonder of the shaking that's about to take place in India.
Monkey temples are coming down.
False idols are coming down—an abomination unto our great God.
They are coming down, and in just a matter of seconds, their temples and their synagogues will be crumpled into nothingness as a sign that God is bringing liberty and a great revival to that land.
False idols are coming down.
I see things that look like dragons crumbling in.
They're like dragons on the side of the buildings.
I see dragons shaking.
This is a representation of that area.
They carved it in there.
There is a principality over there.
The Lord said, 'I'm shaking it.
I'm shaking this.
I'm shaking the stones, the stone structures that have been an abomination unto me.
' A fragrance before me—the stench.
A shaking of false gods, a shaking of idols in these lands.
It's a representation of revival that's coming to the land.
And it will be in the Philippines.
It will be a shaking in the Philippines.
A shaking all throughout Vietnam.
A shaking in Vietnam.
Shaken in Rome.
A great financial stability is coming to Israel.
After Jerusalem, there's a blessing, and this will bring a provoking to many nations.
It will be a provoking to the ones that are upset about God's favor.
For I have blessed thee and I will multiply thee, and there is an exceeding greatness on that generation.
This one that I will show and blow on the covenant Abrahamic blessing to show this generation a wooing.
There's no replacement theology—a shaking, a blessing, and it will be seen by the nations.
A re-establishing of the covenant and the blessing and the favor.
Fountains of new wealth, fountains of new resources are coming up out of the ground in unlikely places.
Agricultural blessings—springing forth new growth of blessing on agricultural growth.
A breadbasket of the world, of blessings on fruit and agriculture out of a little speck.
And it will be seen and it will be known and it will be a sign and a wonder.
That's what the Lord said.
He said, 'I am done with the replacement theology and I'm going to show that it is not.
I'm shaking it.
And you'll have to turn your head and have a blinded eye to it by your choice that I am still the God that I am upon my land.
And those that bless you will be blessed, and those that curse you will be cursed.
And I will multiply you exceedingly, those that bless you.
' And a great river will flow and an extension of a covenant to those that bless my land in the days ahead.
You will see this.
Those that bless the land of Israel, I will bless and I will extend my covenant.
It's like a cord.
I see this cord and it's like when you plug it in, it brings life to that land and there'll be multiplication as you bless my land.
And those that curse it...
I see Iran.
I see a turmoil.
I see it's almost like nuclear waste coming up out of the land.
I see black vapor lines coming up out of Iran.
I see black out of the Muslim nations that try to eliminate and annihilate Israel.
There's Turkey.
There's black like hazardous waste and their very land will dry up.
And the root of the plant will dry up, and it will look like a covering over my land for the weather patterns and even out of the soil.
Living water like a modern-day Garden of Eden.
The olive groves will be blessed.
The fruit will be blessed.
And this will be a sign and a wonder of where we are in these last days.
That's what he just said.
I heard it very clear and it was a very clear vision.
I could see the blessing all over him.
And he said it will be an extension.
'If your president is smart, he will line up this way.
' And I saw a blessing coming on as a three-strand cord that was not easily broken.
It was a two-stranded cord again being extended to it.
As Trump blessed the land, I saw blessing coming on it.
It was sustaining even more blessing on America.
It would be known in the realm of the spirit that anti-Semitism will try to rise at an all-time high in the days ahead around the world.
As Israel carries out strikes against Iran, you will see anti-Semitism rise and the Jews will come back to the land in record numbers because of the anti-Semitism that will arise upon the world.
But this is my hand bringing forth prophecy.
I'm bringing my people back to the land by pressure on the olive.
You're going to see the people uproot that have been rooted in certain areas and I will bring home my fruit and it will be upon the nation.
As the persecution comes, I will bring them home.
This is fulfilling what I said I would do.
That's what you're going to see in 2026, 2027, and 2028.
A great migration will start to take place.
Sow into the migration.
They need help; not all can afford it.
I show them physically and financially.
Sow into the migration.
Help my people to go home, and they will occupy.
God said they will occupy my land.
It will be very controversial in the days ahead.
You'll hear it on the news—a lot of controversy concerning this.
Oh Lord, praises to your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great.
As you bless them, I will bless you and I will multiply you exceedingly.
I think there should be ministries that are set up just for this, even more than what Brother Hagee does.
Pastor Hagee, there should be more extensions than Hagee.
I will extend his life and the blessing because he's blessed my people.
I will make him a pillar in these end times, heal his body and his heart, and restore the fountain of youth upon him.
He will live long and finish strong.
It will be at his choice when he wants to come home.
I will let it be when he is satisfied.
With long life, I will satisfy you.
When you are satisfied—that's what the Lord said—are you satisfied?
If you're satisfied, then come home; if not, I will satisfy you.
When are you satisfied?
That's what the Lord's saying.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
Say it: 'I will grant you 120 years.
' What do you say?
Boy, that's deep.
Lord, I believe; help my unbelief.
Stretch me, Father.
Forgive me in my thoughts right now.
Hallelujah.
Stretch me, Father.
Glory to God.
The Lord says things that stretch my flesh and I go, 'Whoa!
' Where's your faith?
What are you believing God for?
Believe God for big.
You got to come up out of your natural mind.
Renew it with the word of God.
What does the word of God say?
He'll bless you with long life.
I will satisfy you.
What are you believing God for today?
Believe God for bigger than where you are.
That's what he's trying to tell you.
And he said, 'I'll extend you and multiply your years exceedingly.
' Because he has done this thing, I will multiply him exceedingly.
When are you satisfied?
What are you believing for?
Multiple years.
I want to see the rapture of the church.
This generation will not pass before the Son of Man returns.
Watch what he does.
We will be the generation that doesn't taste death.
I believe it.
There will be a generation that will not taste death.
Look up, for our redemption draws nigh.
Look up to the throne of God.
Come up higher in your prayer life with me today.
He said, 'Come up higher in your time with me.
Spend more time with me and I'll show you all the things that you need to see.
The greater works that you will do and I will work through you.
The demonstrations and the manifestations are not going to be lacking in any of you as you come up.
' Come up to the throne of God.
Come up higher in your prayer life with me today.
Work with me and I'll work with you.
Come up.
No milk.
Holy Spirit, open eyes.
And you'll have eyes to see all the things that you need to see.
Greater inventions, greater manifestations of the glory will flow through you and me.
Oh Father, we give you glory, honor, and praise.
It will come to pass at last—the greater manifestations of the glory of God and the glorious church: healings, demonstrations, manifestations, and deliverances of all kinds.
The dead will be raised, the blinded eyes will see, and I will get all the glory.
He said, 'Sadly, there'll be many of you that turn your back on this.
' You'll say, 'Oh, it died with the last disciples.
' You'll reject the things that I have for you.
It will be sad to me.
It's time for you to flow.
You'll lack no good thing.
I am your source of your great supply.
He says, 'Call unto me.
I will be your source.
' I have a great open barn; the barns and the silos are open.
There's nothing you should lack, nothing holding you back.
It's only in your mind and what you say out of your mouth.
What are you saying?
Out of your tongue.
See yourself whole.
See yourself in my throne.
Come up higher in your thoughts.
For out of your belly...
for life and death are in the power of your tongue.
What do you say out of your mouth each day?
For what you're saying is what you're living.
Change the tongue.
For the power of life and death is in your tongue.
The very fruit of what you're living is what you've been saying.
You're snared by the words.
So come up to the throne of God and rest in me.
You think poor and you'll be poor.
For as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
When you change your thinking—as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he—change your thinking.
'I'm blessed.
I'm favored.
I'm empowered to prosper.
I have more than enough.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
' This is the greater level, the greater way of thinking.
Change your thinking.
For as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And what you think and what you meditate on is what you're going to be saying, because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And when you speak a thing, that is what you'll be living.
How you're living is what you've been speaking.
How you've been thinking is what you've been meditating on.
And what gets down in your heart is what is going to be in the overflow.
What's in your overflow, you'll be speaking.
Change it.
Come up to the throne of God.
Come up higher.
For I have greater things and greater plans for you to walk in, a greater measure of the greater anointing that I have for you.
Come up.
It's your choice.
You're in the last of the last days, and many of you don't even see it.
Many of you are still asleep.
Wake up now.
Come up.
For great shakings to awaken are all around you and are going to manifest through you.
I've got great plans for you.
He says, 'I am your source.
I am the source of your great supply.
' How will it all happen?
You say, 'How will it all happen?
' I can turn your circumstances around in a day if you just come unto me.
I have your great supply.
Seek me and you will find me.
Knock, and the door will be opened unto you.
Seek me.
He says, 'Seek me.
Don't seek the thing.
Don't seek the provision.
Seek me and I have all that you need.
I am your great God, Jehovah.
I am that I am and I lack no good thing.
' That's what the Lord said; I heard him so clearly.
You are not utilizing that which I've given you: angels unaware, angels on assignment.
The angels are ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
I have commissioned my angels.
There is much confusion about the angels.
They behold my face, but I've sent them to help you.
What you say brings forth in the atmosphere for them to work on your behalf.
So say a good thing.
You're snared by your words.
The angelic host are at your disposal, and they'll work with you on a greater scale in the days to come.
You'll entertain angels unaware.
Angels aid and assistance.
So go, ministering spirits, and cause the money to come forth.
Go, ministering spirits, and bring it forth in the name of Jesus.
I claim x amount of dollars.
I claim this in the name of Jesus.
Now, angels of the Lord, go, ministering spirits, and cause it to come forth.
Claim what you need.
Just like Elijah when he was sitting by the river and the ravens brought the bread every day.
The angel ministered to him and the ravens brought the food.
The angels ministered to him and helped him out.
Call it forth.
Speak for it to come forth and the blessings come.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord, everybody.
The ravens came and the angels bring forth the increase.
I said it wrong before; the angels didn't bring the food, the ravens brought the food and the angels ministered to him.
I feel that anointing so strong on me.
He's going to restore the fountains of wealth and bless the people.
There are good days ahead for the church if you just believe it and say it.
Change your words.
Amen and amen.
Thank you for joining me today.
Change is coming and the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God is here.
Hallelujah.
Come up to the throne of God.
It's time to come up higher with the fire.
Thank you, Father, for your hand on us and for your presence.
You're doing all that we've prayed for.
It's coming to pass at last.
The greatest move of God is right at our doors.
I'm just waiting on Him.
I'm not in a hurry.
He said John Hagee is very cool.
He's going to bless John Hagee when he's satisfied; with long life I will satisfy him.
I know the ravens brought the bread, but the angels ministered to him, bringing forth the blessing and providing ministry.
We're not utilizing them enough.
They are ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
There are so many people that don't realize the potential of what we have access to.
When the angel came here in opal armor, he spoke clearly about what was coming for our ministry.
He was beholding the Lord's face; he wasn't a free moral agent like us.
He would look toward the Father every time he would speak.
That's why we have to come up as His children and keep our eyes on the Lord.
The angel had a sword of fire and was standing on guard watching over me and my family.
The Lord said, 'I have assigned this angel to you to help and protect you.
' His breastplate was opal and was alive.
Everything is glorious.
I refuse to be a vessel that is a dam; I freely let the Holy Spirit flow.
Be that river out of your belly.
Isn't it interesting how it always goes about two hours, Braden?
Did you get anything out of that today?
We have 90 some people born again.
Pretty successful day.
I felt this presence so strong in this prayer time.
I'm so grateful for him.
You're talking about them coming back to their homeland.
That was the Jews coming back to the homeland.
He said, 'I'm bringing them home.
' I could see them.
And you know, in that vision, I was looking over and I could see them.
I was seeing fires in cities.
I could see fires in New York.
There's a great Jewish community there.
I saw a lot of protesting.
I saw cars on fire.
I could see picketing with the signs and people were upset at the Jews.
Some people had hoodies on, some people had big coats on, and they were marching down.
I could see people protesting and picketing and doing things.
It was all around the world.
I saw people, the Orthodox with the little curls, they were getting their stuff, moving back home, getting on planes, selling what they had, and reestablishing back in Israel.
It wasn't just a couple hundred.
It was thousands.
And it's almost like the Bat-Signal, you know, it's like it's time to come home.
You see everybody's going back.
Braden laughs at me.
The Avengers, time to go home.
It's the symbol.
You feel that inside?
It's time to go home.
I don't know.
It's like what is happening?
It's time to go home.
I feel it inside.
Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing Elon Musk to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus today.
You know, when he was teasingly saying he was an alien, I said he's not.
He has something backing him, that big devil behind him, giving him the wisdom he does and all this, the Nephilim, because it's as in the days of Noah.
I keep his heart before me to pray for him to get born again.
He seems like a really nice guy.
I thought, wouldn't it be cool if Elon Musk got radically saved?
Yeah, he's the world, but there's just something about him.
I like him.
He's just kind of quirky.
You can play that.
It's pretty wild.
It's because I'm an alien and I keep trying to tell people I'm an alien, but they don't believe me.
I believe you.
Thank you.
That's my suspicion all along, that you're just trying to get back to my home planet.
You're a friendly alien.
There's nothing wrong with aliens.
I like people from everywhere, even other planets.
He's saying the truth.
There's something different.
That's why I told you I saw it was a hybrid.
I've always said he's a hybrid.
There's something different about him.
When I saw it in the spirit when I was praying that day, there was a critter behind him.
And I say critter is the devil.
It was influencing his mind on Nephilim.
It's not like the giants.
Seeing giants rule the land, I don't get into all that really deep, but there's stuff there that I see and I go, isn't that interesting?
But I just believe God that he would get radically saved, radically on fire for Jesus.
So, I pray this video blessed you all today.
Like I said, we prayed.
Was there a lot of stuff the Lord showed us today?
He showed you earthquakes again, volcanoes, things like that, and praying over Nick, praying over Ben Johnson, praying over his family.
We prayed over everything.
But we just prayed for revival today.
So, we're so grateful for every one of you that joined us today and we will be back again tomorrow.
I don't know, do y'all like this new time?
This is something different.
I know I'm talking to a different crowd than normally.
We're usually on late at night and I talk to the people in Australia a lot, but I don't even know where you're from right now.
There's people from Germany.
They said it's like mid-noon there or whatever.
Not like 6:00 or 7:00 there in Europe.
So you're in Europe.
A lot of Europeans watching right now, huh?
Yeah, they said they're excited that they could watch it later.
So it's like, where are you from?
Tell us right now where you're from in the chat.
We're curious.
I'm curious where you are.
I'm trying to reach people that I never reach.
So I came on at what was it last night?
I came on at 5:00 and then at 4:00 or 5:00 or whatever it was.
And then I usually come on at night, and I said, 'Let's do one in the morning and let's see what happens.
' I'm curious about where we are.
We always hit about the same number, 7,000 to 10,000 people come and pray with us.
So it's kind of the same number, but different time zone.
Brazil, Kansas, Wisconsin.
So we have a lot of Americans.
Pennsylvania.
Yeah, there's a lot of it.
Jamaica.
I've always wanted to go to Jamaica.
Norway, Trinidad.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Go down there, Columbia.
Go to the Bahamas.
How's it been rebuilt after that major hurricane?
I wonder how Jamaica was after that Category 5 hit them.
Did it just destroy everything?
Is it pretty much leveled?
I wonder how the tourist industry is right now because I'm sure some of it's pretty rough.
It was just a couple of months ago.
The cruise boats probably still go there.
But so is there anything else?
Any news?
Nothing.
I haven't seen anything else.
Like I said, when that anointing lifted off of me when I messed up, I could feel it and it was so strange when I said that, and the Lord corrected so strong, and I said, 'Oh, I said that wrong,' when he said that, and I thought it's all work in progress, all learning.
Nothing else.
I don't see nothing.
All my communion cups for the last two days in there.
I got to clean up after myself.
No, it's like spokey spoke.
Maybe nothing.
Well, praise the Lord.
I won't keep you all anymore.
Enjoy your afternoon.
Have a wonderful evening wherever you are.
And we will see you again tomorrow.
We'll keep praying.
I'll try a different time then.
Maybe I'll surprise you in early afternoon.
I don't know.
I'm trying.
Like I said, I'm just trying to see.
Right now it's here.
So, it's time for lunch and stuff.
But God bless you all.
Remember, we love you.
Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
And we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.